Update install page, getting started, and cloud page (#1157)
surrealdb/docs.surrealdb.com: src/content/doc-surrealdb/introduction/start.mdx

import DarkPhp from '@img/icon/dark/php.png';
import DarkPython from '@img/icon/dark/python.png';
import DarkRust from '@img/icon/dark/rust.png';
import DarkWasm from '@img/icon/dark/webassembly.png';

# Getting started

Welcome to SurrealDB! In this guide, you will learn about the various ways you can start using SurrealDB with interactive examples. Before we dive in, let's cover some basics.

## What is SurrealDB?

SurrealDB is a [multi-model](/blog/what-are-multi-model-databases) database that allows you to store data in a variety of ways.

> When we say SurrealDB is a [multi-model](/blog/what-are-multi-model-databases) database, we mean that SurrealDB can store and query data using a variety of different paradigms. For example, you can use SurrealDB as a [Graph](/docs/surrealdb/reference-guide/graph_relations), [Document](/docs/surrealdb/reference-guide/graph_relations), [Time-Series](/blog/its-about-time-time-series-in-surrealdb), or [Vector](/docs/surrealdb/reference-guide/vector-search) database, all designed to be queried with our [SurrealQL](/docs/surrealql) query language. This allows you to design a database that fits the shape and requirements of your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we say SurrealDB is a [multi-model](/blog/what-are-multi-model-databases) database, we mean that SurrealDB can store and query data using a variety of different paradigms. For example, you can use SurrealDB as a [Graph](/docs/surrealdb/models/graph), [Document](/docs/surrealdb/models/document), [Time-Series](/docs/surrealdb/models/time-series), or [Vector](/docs/surrealdb/models/vector) database, all designed to be queried with our [SurrealQL](/docs/surrealql) query language. This allows you to design a database that fits the shape and requirements of your data.
```
